Please implement the functions for for_loops.py.

There are he list of functions that you will be implementing in the python file.

1. list_numbers

This function takes an integers and returns a list from 0 till the guven integer.(including both 0 and the integer)

2. even_numbers

This function takes a positive integers and returns a list of all the even numbers from 1 to the integer.(including both 1 and the integer)

3. odd_numbers

This function takes a positive integers and returns a list of all the odd numbers from 1 to the integer.(including both 1 and the integer)

4. individual_characters

This function will take a string and returns a list of all character from the string.

5. individual_unique_characters

This function will take a string and returns a list of unique character from the string. Make use of continue statement.

6. sum_list

This function takes a list of integers and returns sum of the list of integers.

7. max_list

This function takes a list of integers and returns maximum of the list of integers.

8. min_list

This function takes a list of integers and returns minimum of the list of integers.

9. find_num_in_list

This function takes a list of integers and a number. Your taks is to check whether the number exists in the list or not. Make use of break statement

10. get_positives

This function takes a list of integers and returns a list of all positive integers from the list. Make use of continue statement.

11. get_negative

This function takes a list of integers and returns a list of all negative integers from the list. Make use of continue statement.

12. get_keys

This function takes a dictionary and returns a list of all keys from the dictionary.

13. get_values

This function takes a dictionary and returns a list of all key values from the dictionary.

14. get_coordinates

This function takes two lists x_coordinates and y_coordinates. And returns a list of all possible coordinates in the plane.

Keep in mind, these functions require prior knowledge of prior lessons, if you don't know how to implement these functions
ask for help or review prior lessons.
